# Commonalities meeting

#### *23rd of March 2022*

## Attendees

* TBD

## Agenda

* Recap
* Contributions:
    * New documents for review
    * Final reviews and feedbacks on the submitted documents
    * Updates on the status of deliverables
* Any other open points

## Discussion

| Agenda Item | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| **Recent updates & recap** |  |
|  | Repository structure:<br>\* Commonalities are now under <i>**WorkingGroups**</i> repo: [https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/tree/main/Commonalities](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/tree/main/Commonalities) |
|  | Documents are available for review under the Deliverables directory:<br>[https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/)<br>Please use [***GitHub issues***](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Acommonalities) as a mean to review or verify the status of each deliverable. |
|  | Every new document's review process will have a dedicated GitHub issue:<br>\* Every *review issue* will be open for a duration of approximately **4 weeks**.<br>\* *If* there are no further comments during that period we consider the document as <b>*final*</b> and <b>*accepted*</b> by the working group. |
| **New issues** |  |
|  | [Issue #26: Reference NEF](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/26):<br>For contributing code we need a reference NEF on which the code can be based. Identify such a NEF for CAMARA.<br><span class="s1">\- Within Intel program "Smart Edge Open" a NEF complete with minimum features\, implementing API\+schema [https://www.openness.org/api-documentation/?api=nef](https://www.openness.org/api-documentation/?api=nef) , in two versions:</span><br><span class="s1">\* "Previous", Apache 2 licensed version, in public repository [https://github.com/smart-edge-open/epcforedge](https://github.com/smart-edge-open/epcforedge)</span><br><span class="s1">\* "Current", Intel-licensed version for "efforts to develop and distribute solutions running on Intel-based products", that also comes with source. Packaged binary image we could contribute now to appropriate testbed.</span><br> |
|  | [Issue #25: API versioning](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/25):<br>\* Semantic Versioning 2.0.0 is proposed to be followed<br>\* Before an API is officially approved by majority vote in the working group, the version should be < 1.0<br>\* API versions shall try to maintain backward compatibility. |
|  |  |
| **Contributions ready for review** |  |
| *closing review* | The [API documentation template](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/API-DocumentationTemplate.md)<span class="s1">&nbsp;</span>draft uploaded by DT on Dec 15, [Camara issue GitHub](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/23) #11<br>\* Orange and AT&T proposals incorporated, waiting for confirmation from Intel<br>\* thank you for Vodafone PR and comments<br>\* The working group agreed for final review to be **closed today** if no further comments/objections appear under GitHub issues |
| *closing review* | [User stories template](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/Userstory-template.md) draft uploaded by TEF on Jan 18, [GitHub issue](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/31) #6<br>\* acceptance criteria and NFR as optional <- analyzed internally by TEF<br>\* thank you for Vodafone comments and PR<br>\* The working group agreed for final review to be **closed today**  no further comments/objections appear under GitHub issues |
|  | [API readiness criteria checklist](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/API-Readiness-Checklist.md) (DT) - draft uploaded by DT on Jan 26, [GitHub issue](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/35) #5<br>\* document to be reviewed until the next Commonalities meeting |
|  | API exposure reference solution (TEF) - new document for review (Feb 4), [GitHub issue](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/41) #1<br>\* an auxiliary Camara guideline: it is a TEF proposal for partners interested in examples of exposing with CAPIF |
|  |  |
| **Contributions in progress** |  |
| *In development* | [General principles doc](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/29) WG #7<br>As a first deliverable, the ToC is already available at:<br>[https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/General-principles-doc.md](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/General-principles-doc.md) |
| *In development* | [Testing principles doc](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/28) #8<br>Estimated timeline - end of March (DT). |
|  | [Document common vocabulary and terminologies across API families => Standard resources description](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/24) WG#10<br>Proposal to assign this issue as a common working group task -> open GLOSSARY |
|  |  |
| **Other issues** |  |
|  | [E/// proposal to use GPSI as UE identifier](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/36) WG issue #4<br>\* proposal's presentation has been uploaded to:<br> [https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/UE%20identifiers.pptx](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/blob/main/Commonalities/documentation/Deliverables/UE%20identifiers.pptx)<br>\* The proposal is to identify UEs primarily with GPSI (in any existing format either MSISDN or ext identifier) and optionally with UE IP or MAC<br>\* Please <i>**provide feedback**</i> on the UE Identification proposal presented by E/// *in the relevant issue*, so that we can track all the feedbacks/suggestions. |
|  | [E/// authorization scope proposal](https://github.com/camaraproject/rep_main/issues/37) WG #3<br>Authorization scope proposal to be presented... Possibly synergy with the auth. concept (WG #9). |
|  | [Reference Architectures](https://github.com/camaraproject/WorkingGroups/issues/13)<span class="js-issue-title markdown-title" style="box-sizing: border-box;">&nbsp;WG #13</span> |
|  |  |

## AOB

1. Next commonalities meeting April 6, 2022.
